I whenever I told you it was amazing
when I was in her in prayer and I spent
some time with the Lord uh two nights
ago I saw the glory cloud above my head
and it was Rippling and it was it was
absolutely gorgeous the thing whenever
the Lord opened up he gave me a glimpse
of the glory and I'm telling you all
there's a mighty move about to hit this
Earth a mighty move of God
an outpouring like we've never seen
before and I'm Gonna Keep I'm going to
keep pounding this and pound is telling
you all that Jesus is coming I see you
know I see how the retention of each
video and how long people and and the
tribulation video you're missing some of
it there's a lot of you that are
clicking out before maybe I'm rambling
too long or whatever but I but I need to
tell you about the the drones you need
to know this of what they're going to do
in the future the drones are a big deal
the mark of the beast is a big deal of
course we we all we all have heard about
it we all are anticipating what it is
and all the stuff okay but I need you to
understand
back when I had this visitation on July
the 6th of 2014. drones were hardly
talked about we we could see them in the
news every once in a while but now
they're using them for football games
they're using them for the Super Bowl
for the halftime shows they're all in
sync they're moving together they do all
kinds of even at the Fourth of July
thing in the uh New York they had a a a
massive display of of the Statue of
Liberty and they were all drones they
were lit up
it's it's it's becoming mainstream is
what I'm trying to tell you so when I
would see when I went to tribulation I
solved the drones flying and they were
all in sync and you all need to know
this they're going to use the drones
they're in sync and they're able to scan
and be able to hear noise they're able
to see and infrared they're able to to
do all you can't hide from them and the
people who were left were trying to hide
from these drones and you all need to
know this this is very important that
they're going to use them and they fly
all throughout uh all over the world if
you're left here you need to know that
you're not going to be able to to run
from this the chip when you put the mark
of the beast the chip inside of you the
chip communicates to the Drone okay and
it's able to uh know if you had the Mark
or not but if you do not have the mark
and they that that drone scans you
it alerts the authorities to come where
you are to be able to to turn you in and
it when and they give you a couple
minutes and they chop your head off if
you do not take the Mark if you do not
take the mark they ask you do you want
to serve the Antichrist system or do you
not and they and if you say no and you
want to serve Jesus still or whatever
they're rebelling against they cut that
person's head off right there
immediately okay
so I'm trying to
bring highlights of what I saw whenever
the Lord took me into tribulation he
talked to me about the um the uh uh the
aliens Jesus said right before I come
back you're going to see a lot of alien
uh things talked about the news I've
talked about that but the mark of the
beast people people are like well it's
this grain of rice and it's this and
that no it's more powerful it's the
technology behind neuralink I'm telling
you it's not norlink itself but it's the
kind of technology that they're
developing in with Elon Musk and that
all that stuff that's going on with it
so everybody said woes neuro link the
mark of the beast no it's not the mark
of the beast it's the kind of Technology
okay so when they put it in you it has a
signal and it sends the signal to uh to
your brain to calm you down it you use
it to buy and sell but I saw it has a
big burn mark whenever it comes on you
it has a reaction with your body
it can cause a sore on your forehead I
saw that there's so much to this chip
but it's but it's it's like I said it's
a size of a um like like a little square
like this and about that big like that
it's little bitty and I know you
probably I can't show you probably with
just showing my fingers up like that but
um it's like a little square it's not a
green rice it's like a little square and
I don't know how they do it but it but
it's but it's very powerful this this
this technology and so um the Lord
showed me great things coming for 2024.
the Democratic party and and people got
mad at me last time because I mentioned
politics in my video whatever okay
that's the system it's what's going on
you got the Republicans you got the
Democrats you got the independence
that's America that's what that's what
happens okay and whatever you are in
your country you may have your own thing
whatever I don't know I don't study
study politics that much but but
the Lord showed me going into fall
going into the fall this year there's
going to be ship shifting there's going
to be some change come big time change
okay
but going into 2024 I saw them trying to
pump the economy full like of money
trying to stimulate the economy making
everything look really good and the Lord
warned me 2024 will be a year that we
will soar
great great sore it's going to be a good
year he said 2024 will be a good year
not saying every aspect is always good
it's like I said it's a two-sided coin
you can focus on the bad that's going on
or you can focus on the good but I'm
telling you I choose to to try to when
I'm seeing over prophetically and I'm
seeing what's happening and all the
things that are dark and the things that
the Lord is warning me about
I try not to put too much into it trying
to not letting that pull me down and
feel heavy about it I tried to go okay
God I know what you're showing me but I
know what you showed me about me and
what you've told me in your word about
me Psalms 91 Psalms 23 you need to get
those scriptures down inside of your
heart I said it in the past video and
I'm going to say it again you need to
understand your Covenant you need to
understand who you are in Christ because
if you do not you're in trouble you need
to get those scriptures down inside the
Lord is my shepherd I shall not want you
need to get that you need to just just
meditate on it and meditate on it get it
down inside of your spirit meditate on
it some more get down there something no
weapon formed against you will prosper
every tongue that rises against you you
need to condemn it you need to condemn
bring those things down you need to take
captive of your thoughts you've got to
do these things okay but Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 are very important for what's
about to happen but the Lord showed me
about the financial outpouring he showed
me more that there is going to be a like
I told you like the.com era there's
going to be like when when Bill Clinton
had it and Hillary uh and how the
finances were really booming in the 90s
the Lord showed me that there was a
transfer of wealth then it was like a
lot of going to the internet in the um
the.com like I said with Bill Gates and
with Jeff Bezos and how all that
happened it was all starting to really
take off and eBay and and and and all
the amazing websites and stuff was just
starting to take off in the 90s some of
it was in the early 2000s but I'm just
saying there's going to be another
there's going to be another wave of
stuff and and I saw it being with
digital platforms digital cryptos and
things like that there's going to be a
shifting take place a new era of of
stuff is fixing to take place even more
so I saw on Facebook this lady came on
there and she told me she said did you
know they're having a big meeting with
the brics Nations on the on August the
21st through the 24th the Lord already
pointed out to me when I was praying
August 24th I had no idea I still really
don't maybe it has to do with this
bricks thing but there's something going
to shift there's something about August
24th and I hate quoting dates ever
because when you're singing the spirit
you have a debt perception I've told you
this but there's something about August
there's something about praying about
September there's a shifting fixing to
take place there will be a generation
that does not see death and you're that
generation I don't know how old you are
you might be in your 90s and you might
be getting ready to step over and go on
home but I'm believing that we're going
to see Jesus Christ come back really
really soon
and 2024 is gonna be a good year now
2025 that's a different story I've seen
some bad stuff about 20 25. but we're
not going to talk about 2025. that's
time away time off and we have time to
prepare and change things there's things
that can change people want to argue
Trump's coming back Trump said forget
politics
focus on getting the Lost let's yeah we
need to vote and you need to vote
righteous and you need to do what the
Lord's told us to do and pray for our
leaders
but we're not going to get caught up in
in public they're going to save America
no the only thing that's ever going to
save America is an Awakening unto God a
mighty move of the spirit of God Upon
This Nation upon the Earth that's the
only thing that's going to save it
there's no red uh anything that's going
to save anything like a Red Wave or or
whatever politics we need to get Jesus
Jesus is one that changes things okay
you we that's what I felt that's what my
focus is all that news and all the stuff
the indictments and everything I told
you it was coming I warned you this was
coming the Lord told me they're going to
go after Trump with indictments I
prophesied that and guess what they are
it's happening right now it's happening
everything I'm from aside is starting to
manifest I hope you all are seeing this
I warned you
they're going after him it's gonna it's
gonna be really bad they're gonna go all
through the winter and it's going to
keep going they're going to keep trying
to stack stuff on top of them trying to
throw them in jail do you understand if
they're not done they're Relentless
they're evil these people are evil
they're very very very evil and you know
why because they are possessed with
demons
they are it's the truth there is a lot
of demonic stuff behind these people and
you have no idea if you want to know
where the devil is involved the most
okay you need to follow the money
because he controls the money system
okay so if you've got these big players
that have all the cash not all of them
because you've got some good people like
the Green family that owns Hobby Lobby
you got the people that own Chick-fil-A
I know they've went some back some
stupid made some stupid decisions
recently but the man that's over the
Jabs and you see him on on there I've
seen him
talking to a man in Europe that you all
everybody knows about him and he's old
and I've seen these people there's a man
in Asia and I saw a man down in in South
America these people talk directly to
Satan okay I'll just be real for you
I've seen them they have demonic spirits
that are assigned to them they are they
are they are maneuvering and and doing
things in this earth to cause the B
system and the One World Government on
purpose they're trying to destroy the
dollar they're trying to do this stuff
they're bringing the stuff in because
they have their assignments just like
Christians get their assignments the
devil's people get their assignments
okay and so you all need to know that
there's big key players that have a lot
of money and a lot of influence and
politics and doing this stuff they're
trying to ruin uh America so I that's
all I'm gonna say about it because I
don't I I'm trying very careful to be
careful with my words here because
there's a lot of things that that I I'm
trying to minister to you all and and I
don't want them these idiots taking down
my stuff but I'm trying to to to tell
you in a subtle way that that there's
some evil key players that are trying to
to run things and you see them on the
news every day that's all you all need
to know their needs to be Revival
there's going to be a great shaking in
coming
I hope I'm telling you I'm not trying to
spread fear I'm trying to warn you
that that there's all this stuff fixing
to happen
the
people have no clue you need to take
this serious you need to understand that
we're in dark times and it's going to
get darker but the light's going to get
lighter but the only way the light can
get lighter is in you you have to be the
salt in the light of this Earth through
Jesus Christ dwelling on the inside of
you and if you're not doing that you're
missing it we're almost we are almost
there
we're right at the door of the coming of
the Lord and I hope you are being uh
watchful of the times we're living in
and being excited and having enjoying
your heart because the Lord Jesus Christ
is about to come back and get us I don't
want to be heavy all the time but I want
to tell you you all there's a lot of you
all
that are uh Clueless
you think well I'm living in the world
and I'm going to be able to live in sin
and and make it in the Rapture you're in
trouble you're going you're not going
and I I love you and I'm trying to help
you but you can get mad at me and throw
eggs at the camera and throw eggs at
your computer screen or whatever but I'm
trying to tell you the truth because
they're not telling you the truth you've
got to live a Holiness lifestyle if
you're living in sin and you're living
with your boyfriend right now you're in
trouble you're living in sin you're not
going to make the Rapture you're going
to get mad at me probably about what I'm
saying but if you either need to get
married or you need to move out you
can't live in your with your boyfriend
and and live in sin that's called
fornication you're not married you need
to get married and you need to give your
heart to Jesus Christ all the way and be
sold out to Jesus you cannot live in a
compromising uh in a situation and go
well we've been together for five years
living this way it's still Sin is Sin
you're still living in sin well I I I
only look at pornography every couple of
days I've had an addiction to it you
gotta admit step to change we got to
stop this stuff put put blocks on your
computer put blocks on your phone have
accountability apart partner
you've got to make changes you've got to
start steering your chip ship right you
can't keep going down the wrong path and
saying well God's grace discovers this
it's okay yeah it does there's season of
Grace when you're a baby Christian you
go through things and and you can walk
through things and he has more grace on
us but the older you get you've got to
grow up you got to stop this stuff
and people think it's okay
it's not okay if you want to walk in the
glory and you want to walk in the fire
you've got to walk in Holiness you gotta
at least try take communion over when
you mess up
we gotta take communion and say God
forgive me and go before him and and
God's a good God he forgives us of our
sins Lord help me I don't have
everything all all figured out y'all I
mess up too I got I got issues I go to
him immediately Lord forgive me help me
father
father help me
go to run to God when you sin don't run
run from him you don't want to miss the
Rapture of the church there's a lot of
people don't believe in the Rapture
whatever you don't want to live in
unrighteousness you don't want to live
this I'm telling you Jesus Christ is
coming
and Hell Is Real
hell is real
he said well I'm not going to hell I got
all this no no no no listen to me if
you're living in sin you're going to
hell
you don't want to go to hell turn or
burn turn or burn get right with the
Lord read your Bible and see what the
Bible says
and and just follow the Bible he loves
us
love speaks the truth you everybody
always trying to to sugarcoat it and we
want to walk around this compromising
stuff all the time and because we don't
want to offend people because we're so
offended the Bible even told us and
Jesus told us in the end many will be
offended
many will be offended and people are
walking around in a fence like crazy
right now well sister so and so made me
mad at church and I'm offended I ain't
going back I'm out of here everybody's
offended all the time it's offensive
fence offense on the internet and
Facebook
all these stupid places X and not
Twitter and all this stuff I'm offended
at Trump I'm offended offended because
the the the the woman movement I'm
offended for this and you go oh my
goodness y'all we gotta walk in love and
we gotta we gotta speak the truth and
tell people about Jesus and what the
Bible says about Sin
I know you don't want to hear it you're
probably not even listen anymore some of
you probably clicked off and said to
heck with you I'm out of here but I'm
I'm just um I just want to tell you the
truth because I love you but I want to
pray for you right now and I want to I
want to I want to say a prayer for you
and I want to believe God for your
miracle and father whatever they're
believing for right now I speak to
Healing over their bodies right now in
the name of Jesus I speak I speak to the
cancers I speak to diabetes I speak to
heart disease I speak to all kinds of
stuff that they're going through AIDS I
speak to the spirit of AIDS I curse you
in the name of Jesus and I command you
to go go from their bodies I call their
blood to clear up
I call their blood any kind of sexual
transmitted disease we speak to it to go
in the name of Jesus repent and stop
sleeping around
stop it Lord Jesus wants to heal your
body
we call Deliverance over them in the
name of Jesus migraine headaches I
command you to go now in Jesus name I
curse my green headaches and I command
it to go right now eyes I speak to
somebody's eyes I hear eyes be healed
and whole and well cataracts go in Jesus
name
there's there all whatever the the iris
is the the it's detached I command you
to be healed in Jesus name
I call arthritis in the hands to be
healed in Jesus name
we call your hands to not hurt we speak
the pain in the backs sciatic nerve pain
be gone in Jesus name we command to this
to light up and to be healed and whole
and well cause the the any cartilage and
all the the lining of the spine I call
you healed in Jesus name
father I thank you Lord constipation is
a problem I've seen it right there and I
saw colon I saw I saw it down here the
Lord said to oh prostate problems I
speak to prostate problems right now in
the name of Jesus somebody's dealing
with prostate problems I call your
prostate healed and whole and well I
curse prostate cancer in Jesus name
I just saw some of my colon again I saw
it I call your Cohen healed in Jesus
name Colin cancer be gone in Jesus name
diverticulitis I heard the word
diverticulitis be healed in Jesus name I
call diverticulitis to go from your body
in the name of Jesus
I decree and declare that Cohen is whole
I decree and declare the colon as well
constipation go
fibromyalgia I heard the word
fibromyalgia I commend fibromyalgia to
go in Jesus name lupus go in Jesus name
I command healing and wholeness over
lupus
chronic pains chronic pains go in Jesus
name
you might be walking on AMA did he stay
I come here keep my mama said
I come into Mickey's show oh my side
whatever oh the ears I hear it right now
ears pop open in Jesus name ears the
ears the ears the ears oh we call new
new new new things in the ears new drums
ear drums all the hairs and the ears the
things in the ears I call you open up
pop open in Jesus name
foreign stove
oh pancreas the pancreas I saw it right
there pancreas be healed in Jesus name I
call Deliverance over your pancreas I
speak to diabetes I speak to you in the
name of Jesus be healed in Jesus name we
have authority over diabetes we have
authority over the heart we have
authority over those things right now oh
oh oh I see a liver oh we call the liver
liver the gallbladder gallbladder we
call those shakiri will
oh
we call that liver healed we call the
liver ho I call it nine right now oh
come on
fatty liver disease we speak to fatty
liver disease right now in Jesus name
alcohol psoriasis cirrhosis of the river
cirrhosis of the liver oh cirrhosis of
the liver I speak new liver into you in
Jesus name
Brains Brains Brains Brains I saw the
brains I saw a brain right there
somebody's bleeding for brain and their
brain injuries and her aneurysm
aneurysms in the brain aneurysms in the
brain I speak healing over you
be healed and whole and well
from a stroke
I call stroke there's someone with a
stroke somebody had damage from a stroke
I call hope I caught a hoe a cooker is
just tongue I speak to the tongue the
heaviness of of the tongue I called can
you be I call you dog hoe in Jesus name
you you you you you you stutter you
double
freeze tongue in Jesus name
release the tongue do it by faith right
now
what do something that you couldn't do
before move those limbs move those body
do it by faith if you feel comfortable
with it you feel that you can do it try
it Faith work Faith work Faith work work
your faith faith is an act faith is an
act faith is an act you got to do it
with what you couldn't do before
[Applause]
there's actually a glow around my phone
right now I can see it that's really
cool it's not going to see the glory
over on that phone
Hallelujah that's really neat
Hallelujah
that's actually really cool I've never
seen my phone glow like that
praise the Lord Hallelujah
all right
I saw a vision and went right through
the body into the back I saw the spine
and was the kidneys you got kidney
problems uh oh he went to oh hey he's
going to give you new some new kidneys
today who's bleeding for those kidneys
I speak to your kidneys right now in the
name of Jesus be healed by the power of
God all through your body right now I
speak to those kidneys new kidneys you
don't have to go through dialysis no
more I'm speaking to that in the name of
Jesus be healed by the power of God
right now in Jesus name wow praise the
Lord
I speak to asthma asthma go in Jesus
name I call myself ill I call myself
whole in Jesus name I get on an
anointing
foreign
that was really cool son whenever I was
I was praying for that person right
there I saw I saw through the body in
the spirit and I could see the spine
this there's a spine as you can see the
spine and the Lord show me it's like
it's part of the back and he says the
kidneys and that was really cool how he
showed me that in the spirit man I was
watching I could see an open eye vision
I was praying for that person's kidneys
and I'm telling you there's Miracle
working power coming on you right now in
Jesus name
believe for your Miracle believe the
impossible
believe the impossible
believe that all things are possible
believe that things are turned around
believe for the impossible that's what I
was trying to say believe for the
impossible
nothing is impossible for God
nothing is impossible for him
Holy Spirit said I'm done there you go
well let's just let's just praise him on
the way out
Let's Just Praise Him on the way out
here today thank you for watching my
video I'm so glad you're a part of my
family and being a part of this home
y'all mean so much to me I'm so thankful
for every single one of you all the love
gifts all of it you've you've you've
you've changed in my life you all being
a part you get you give me confidence
every day to come on here and tell to
tell you about Jesus I have so much
inside of me to tell you next time I
talk to y'all I'm going to talk to you
about the visitation I had from the
devil like I said I don't want to tell
talk about a lot of Darkness but some of
you all need to know some of the other
side too
all right let's
let's sing this song
rise and be healed
in the name of Jesus
let Faith arise in your soul
rise and be healed in the name of Jesus
he will touch you and make you whole I
believe it I believe it nothing is
impossible with him
I don't want to get August I feel the
Holy Ghost right now and I'm going to
sit in it and it feels so good I want
him to lift off of me
so I'm delaying
I just start going oh gosh I love the
glory the Glorious Touch of his presence
I go God you're so faithful
yeah I'm I'm an anointing junkie let's
sing another song of what too
I need to know more of these old songs
than all the words to them but my voice
is sore because I was yelling at the the
devil to get off of you put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart Jesus
loves you and I thank you for being here
today God bless you guys and we'll see
you very soon bye bye